hi Socko going up against clay key a
pookie pookie mirror not this is crazy
you know boo kikyo they these guys
actually played before yeah I think I
think liking one I think you're right
you are yeah you're totally right about
that so it's Big Ed in the yellow book
Ian and Socko now what see Maury is in
the dark color ibuki looking for their
knockdowns here oh nice good option Oh
miss lands a little bit now this is a
chance for click ed to set things up no
light for text though he just doesn't
have to jump nice block from taco look
at how cautious like he is playing with
that pressure right there oh no he drops
a link yeah he was playing very
cautiously and expectation Navy Villa
Dragon Punch the issue right here is
that most players since they're so
familiar with the boutique you can
imagine that boat players are gonna know
when the knife is going to cross up and
we're not that makes sense all this time
Mikey T was not as patient and saco
expected and he takes that round
i punish their from Socko now quickly
getting back in there again yeah I mean
it's interesting enough normally when
you see mere matches like this is
actually most common to see both players
play a very different style but right
now I feel like role players are playing
pretty similarly they're using a little
bit of different options the little bit
more focusing going on click ed style a
little bit more footsie bumpers going on
quick ed side and they say that so that
actually works his detriment right there
nice little thing cross up there from
Socko but again might be something that
clay keys used himself so he's aware of
it he's got to do some damage here he's
down on life oh here we go this is a
huge chance for him gets the combo good
oh it was saying so cautiously until
that point he did crouching Jack
Patridge ever wait a tick and then Socko
had the Dragon Punch takes the game
that's the same way he won round one
he's kind of an uppercut in the middle
of a block string just to finish him off
ah here comes old click he had a big
chance to start things off got the job
and still playing that same style in the
mid-range I like a lot of what he's
doing here it's working out for him nice
great positioning on that ride over
sockos well short soccer course the
blacks the boot key and click to view
the yellow one first leg up DP there
from quickie trying to set his own so
nice this time to put the buffer pays
off for him he's gone for the cross up
yeah and interestingly enough Socko just
got hit by crouching Sokolow must have
been trying to do an autocorrect EP or
something I just got hit all right here
comes Socko now oh he's been so possible
Wow okay oh wow Blake you using sockos
own weapon against of just uppercutting
in the middle of a block string I snow
oh and that's the same trick that Socko
did to him they're just trading right
now oh this big that could be the round
it's gonna be the round it's going to be
the game it's going to be 1 1 alpha holy
softball vs. click ed out of out of
Southern California courts taco from
Japan and click ed has four for a long
time than one of the top rookies in
socal really the ibuki in socal very
strong player who took a little bit of
time off to go play some law equated at
MLG recently but here he's back up with
fighting games I'm pretty sure you still
plays competitive league of legends
easter does during those SVO qualifiers
I think you have just played in the
morning but right now saco taking him
down very soundly so now it is max point
for Socko sockos very popular player
from Japan thanks to all of this crazy
combos that he's been able to do in
games like vampire saber and in street
fighter Oh first time he's gone to that
and guess what's done that yes you close
this out right here that's what he's
gonna hear some gold takes it over click
ed